Add a section to Openmetrics README on how untyped metrics are handled (#15690)
DataDog/integrations-core: openmetrics/README.md

Datadog recommends that you use specific metric names or partial metric name matches for more precise collection.

### Missing untyped metrics

> By default, the integration skips metrics that come without a type on a Prometheus exposition. If you want to collect untyped metrics, you must explicitly specify their type in the `metrics` mapping, for example:

Reviewer: Not sure I understand what a "prometheus exposition" is. Does it get introduced in some other part of the document?

Author: This?
https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/e13ee1a1aaace2a217d13a33a2c572d442ad7e12/openmetrics/README.md?plain=1#L9

Reviewer: ok, all clear then!

> By default, the integration will skip metrics that come without a type on a Prometheus exposition. If you want to collect untyped metrics, you must explicitly specify their type in the `metrics` mapping, for example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the integration skips metrics that come without a type on a Prometheus exposition. If you want to collect untyped metrics, you must explicitly specify their type in the `metrics` mapping, for example:
```

```yaml
  metrics:
    - "metric_without_type":
        "type": "gauge"
```

> Remember that metric names can be specified as regular expressions, making it possible to easily specify the type for a set of metrics without listing all of them individually.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Remember that metric names can be specified as regular expressions, making it possible to specify the type for a set of metrics without listing all of them individually.
```
